Add aws-k8s-1.21-nvidia variant (#1799)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket: SECURITY_FEATURES.md

Together these enable [full RELRO support](https://www.redhat.com/en/blog/hardening-elf-binaries-using-relocation-read-only-relro) which makes [ROP](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Return-oriented_programming) attacks more difficult to execute.

> **Note:** the `aws-k8s-1.21-nvidia` variant includes the NVIDIA k8s device plugin which is compiled without the `-wl,-z,now` flags, and other precompiled NVIDIA libraries that could haven't been compiled with hardening flags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Certain variants, such as the ones for NVIDIA, include precompiled binaries that may not have been built with these hardening flags.
```
